c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe.config
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.HardwareInterface.resources
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.MainScreen.resources
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TouchScreen.resources
c:\users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.SelectPaymentScreen.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddTimeScreen.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Ticket.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditCard.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditDebitPrompt.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PINEntry.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PrintingTicket.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CardManualEntry.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.EjectCard.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TicketInsert.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TryAgain.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddCoins.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundAmount.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundSuccess.resources
C:\Users\defae_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RemoveTicket.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe.config
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddCoins.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddTimeScreen.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CardManualEntry.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditCard.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditDebitPrompt.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.EjectCard.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.HardwareInterface.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.MainScreen.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PINEntry.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PrintingTicket.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundAmount.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundSuccess.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RemoveTicket.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.SelectPaymentScreen.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Ticket.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TicketInsert.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TouchScreen.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TryAgain.resources
C:\Users\Lucas\Desktop\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe.config
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\bin\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddCoins.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.AddTimeScreen.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CardManualEntry.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditCard.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.CreditDebitPrompt.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.EjectCard.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.HardwareInterface.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.MainScreen.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PINEntry.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.PrintingTicket.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundAmount.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RefundSuccess.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.RemoveTicket.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.SelectPaymentScreen.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.Ticket.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TicketInsert.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TouchScreen.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.TryAgain.resources
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.exe
C:\Data\School\4HC3\Assignment2\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\ParkingMachine\obj\Debug\ParkingMachine.pdb
